Codepen questions and MVP project. https://codepen.io/edisonthe2nd/pen/YzpGqQW

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    The best practiced way to structure and create websites.
    2. What is HTML used for? 
    Create websites.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    Attribute is characteristic of HTML element.  In the opening tag.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    Title, best practice is once.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    href, img src
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    H1
    7. What is an id? 
    Something that classifies an element, specialized for one.
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    Any element.
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    Once
    10. What is a class? 
    Something that classifies a group set of elements, can be used more than once.
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    Any element
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    As many times as one needs.
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    anchor and href
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
    description of picture
    15. How do I reference an id?
    #
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    div is no special split, section has related topics
    17. What is CSS used for? 
    styling 
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    h2{}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    ID is special to one, classes can be repeated.  An ID for a title that needs to be styled, classes for paragraphs.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    ."Class"
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    .human
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    parent is main element, child is more specific.  When you  need to style one portion of an element.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    .sidebar
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    styles that trigger when a user hovers over them.
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    line-height:
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    letter-spacing:
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    text-transform:
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    border:1px dotted black;
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    *
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    use /*
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    rm
    34. Why should I use version control? 
    Handles projects with speed and efficiency, and the fact that you can remotely collab with others.
    35. How often should I commit to github?
    as often as I can for good practice, however 20  minutes.
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git add . -> git commit . -> git commit .
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    fork a project make it yours, clone it, make a branch to your name, 

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    Inline can be adjusted, blocks are stuck in a block positioning.
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    I'm assuming that regardless of what happens to the page, the position of that element does not change.
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    margin auto
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    div, span, img
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them?
    by grouping them in a class?

